# WWDC-for-visionOS

Throughout my five-month journey in visionOS development, I've discovered that many solutions in Apple's development ecosystem are found within WWDC videos. Whether it's best practices, latest APIs, cutting-edge concepts, or concise problem analysis - you'll find answers in WWDC. For visionOS developers, the time spent watching WWDC videos is essential. Even if you try various shortcuts along the way, you'll likely end up returning to WWDC content.

Here's a curated collection of WWDC videos related to visionOS development. These should be particularly helpful for those new to visionOS. Videos marked with ðŸ’¡ indicate content that I find especially valuable (subjective, for reference only).

**Spatial Computing Development**

Build great games for spatial computing
https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2023/10096

Render Metal with passthrough in visionOS
https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2024/10092

ðŸ’¡Design spatial SharePlay experiences
https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2023/10087

Elevate your windowed app for spatial computing
https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2023/10110

ðŸ’¡ðŸ’¡Bring your iOS or iPadOS game to visionOS
https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2024/10093/

(WIP) Deliver video content for spatial experiences
https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2023/10071/

Enhance the immersion of media viewing in custom environments
https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2024/10115

Bring your Unity VR app to a fully immersive space
https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2023/10093/

Build spatial experiences with RealityKit
https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2023/10080

ðŸ’¡ Explore rendering for spatial computing
https://developer.apple.com/cn/videos/play/wwdc2023/10095/

Get started with building apps for spatial computing
https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2023/10260/

**RealityKit and Reality Composer Pro**

ðŸ’¡Discover RealityKit APIs for iOS, macOS, and visionOS
https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2024/10103/

ðŸ’¡Work with Reality Composer Pro content in Xcode
https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2023/10273/

Create 3D models for Quick Look spatial experiences
https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2023/10274/

Explore materials in Reality Composer Pro
https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2023/10202

**SwiftUI and Swift Development**

Work with windows in SwiftUI
https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2024/10149

Visualize and optimize Swift concurrency
https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2022/110350/

Data Essentials in SwiftUI
https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2020/10040/

Demystify SwiftUI (WIP)
https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2021/10022

SwiftUI essentials
https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2024/10150/

**Xcode and Developer Tools**

Xcode essentials
https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2024/10181

**Design and User Experience**

Design considerations for vision and motion
https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2023/10078

**Localization and String Management**

Discover String Catalogs
https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2023/10155

**Unity Integration**

Create immersive Unity apps
https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2023/10088/